TreeView: Add note on truncation (#889)
primer/design: content/components/tree-view.mdx

By default, labels are truncated to a single line. However, node labels may be wrapped to multiple lines in cases where the entire label must always be visible.

> When a node's text is truncated, it should still be accessible to users in some fashion. Truncation is only accessibly acceptable if there is some way for the user to see the non-truncated text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a node's text is truncated, it should still be accessible to users in some fashion. Truncation is only accessibly acceptable if there is some way for users - including those navigating with a keyboard - to see the non-truncated text.
```
